It is said that those who follow the path of the rest will be able to achieve their goal.
The Great East Japan War is still just the beginning of the first step forward.
We are not just following the path of the rest, nor are we following the path of the rest.
However, in this case, we must kill as many as possible.
The faith of the rest, which is already being cherished by the great leader of Japan,
has become even more strong, and our Great East Japan War has finally come to an end.
We, as the proud construction workers of the Great East Japan War,
will continue to work with the determination of the people of Japan to take responsibility for the great cause.
Today, the Great East Japan War will be held here.
Together with the people of Japan, we will celebrate the great war of the Great East Japan War and the bright future of Asia.
We will give the honor of the great war to the people of Japan, and we will also give the honor of the people of Japan to the people of Japan.
Thank you.